hey guys this is Dave tadros for 40
teams and I'm here checking out
something I just picked up it's a xbox
live gold starter kit I got this from
amazon com for about sixty three dollars
you get this a gamestop 475 dollars plus
tax so you're probably going to spend
around eighty dollars so I don't know
why you would I wouldn't suggest that
basically an xbox gold membership for a
year is a 60 bucks so I figured three
dollars more and I get a chat head a
headset and 400 microsoft points so why
not so I figured to show you guys what's
in what's in the box what the box looks
like back to the box yeah basically show
you what's in the air sup so put her up
alright so inside of the box right here
and right away and a little sleeve you
see the 400 microsoft points card regime
on xbox live another card oh and it's
our gold membership redeem online and
I just hit the camera um yeah nothing
else in the box just the cat head and
little crappy heads up smooth this out
of here alright chatpad black everybody
likes black the white one is pretty ugly
in my opinion got these little notches
right here so you snap them into the
back of controller right there so keep
the chat pin and please yeah I like it
so far I know I'd huh I know you just
saw me open this exact one but i have
used the chatpad before i like it and
that's the only reason why i bought this
thing's or so i can actually type
quicker on xbox live and yeah i'm
probably gonna serve its purpose so this
gets thrown into the package just for
the hell of it i think it's the crappy
headset that everybody gets with uh or
used to get i'm not sure if they still
get it I don't think I got one with my
new console but I got this with my first
council wasn't the black one it was the
grey one it's good if you're you know if
you don't have a turtle beach or
something then you just chillin out and
you need something really quick so that
the input jack right here and the
chatpad actually has input jack too so
it's pretty versatile right there if you
guys saw a review of the extend play
this will obviously not work with the
extent
I on there I mean a headset barely works
with legs I'm boy so put some patroller
line it up with the hole right there
line up with these holes in the back
snap it in basically just push it and in
my breaking this yeah they got that
wrong get that in the hole and it's kind
of hard to put up yeah this is my first
time putting it on I got this thing in
the hole there you go just slide it down
together hmm looks nicer than I thought
it would look alright so where you light
up yeah my xbox is around so i can't
really show you what's on here but the
light the trackpad I mean trackpad the
chatpad will actually light up all in
all it doesn't add too much bulk to the
controller I'm gonna try to play for a
little while and what you guys know how
I feel about this in the comments no
point making another video chat bad huh
I could if you guys want me to he has
want me to review this separately I
could but I don't know you know you
could feel your professors you could
feel delete on the controller actually I
kind of like it control is pretty light
before and it makes the controller a
little bigger
my fingers are rusting on the back of
the chatpad now my pinky so that's
pretty good maybe this actually
alleviates the reason to buy buy and
extend play that makes controller a
little thing I don't know I like it so
far and like i said i had a i've used
another woman that's prob that's a
basically why i bought this one so but
yeah so that's xbox 360 starter kit I
definitely think it's worth it is if
you're going to spend 60 bucks for
everything else I mean if you can spend
60 bucks or dis alone you might as well
get everything else with it I mean this
is five bucks alone this chap head is I
think $25 on amazon and this headsets
ten dollars so really you're paying 30
da forty dollars for all that other
and you're getting xbox live gold
membership for twenty bucks and there's
nothing wrong with that so thanks for
watching and you know keep watching the
videos on our channel check out and
subscribe to and I'll see you next
time